So far, you've learned a lot about how to extract important information from images and
how to use deep learning techniques to recognize patterns in images and identify objects.
In this part of the course,
we'll focus less on images and more on pattern recognition over time and space.
We'll talk about different computer vision methods for
tracking objects and predicting their movement.
In fact, in this lesson,
you'll be programming a filter that tracks a robot
as it moves and senses its environment over time.
This requires having a model of motion and
the mathematical way to represent uncertainty in that motion.
Finding out where a moving object is located with
some certainty at any given time is called localization.
Localization techniques are used extensively in
computer graphics applications that track certain objects and people over time,
and localization is used in autonomous vehicles,
like in self-driving cars that need to know where
they are in the world so that they can safely navigate.
Next, let's talk about the specific skills that we'll cover in the next few lessons.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6